friends here.
We're going to discuss two more very,
very important string operations in your real time.
They are like script and split.
So to explain this,
let me weapon our first of all,
come online.
Then let me enter into my fight on command line.
Let's say I have a string call fight on.
Okay,
then let me simply print your ex on by mistake Instead of defining in this way,
I have given some fight on.
And honestly,
I provide a space before starting your string on that space is preserving even while
printing your own put.
But while printing if there is any space,
maybe at starting side off your given string or the an inside off your given string Clear.
Unwanted Lee I provided that are by mistake how given that space,
I want to remove that in.
Guess if there is a space either side off your given string.
I mean,
towards left side and towards right side.
See that first up there?
There.
You're getting your space here and here right now.
Let me do exit door.
No,
See,
that would put you don't know any space not put aside.
So extort strip will remove by the four if there is any space towards left or towards right
side or extreme sites only starting or the ending that space will remove by your strip
operation.
Actually,
by default strip will remove the space.
But I want to remove something like,
let's say I have a string now call in this way.
Fight on.
Now I want to remove letter P or letter again from your given stream because he's did at
the starting site.
I want to remove that P.
Then I can do extort strip,
See the he is removing or I want to remove yen.
Now see that any is removing.
But if I want to remove something quality,
it won't do because he's not there either.
It's starting site Oregon inside.
So if any character or were,
if it is there either,
and starting side ordered an inside of your given string,
then that will remove.
Let's say I'm going to take a bite on.
Scripting is easy.
No,
What I want to do is I want to remove easy then X Dark ST.
If easy is,
there,
either are starting side or it and inside.
Then that will remove yesterday's removing right now.
Suppose if you're given string is in this way.
Now I want to remove item only towards right side.
Not are the starting side this bite and I don't want to remove I want to remove only
despite on this is a bright side,
right,
So that's what you gotta do is simply print extort Strip right Strip our strip Remove bite
on See the output It does remain What is removing only at right side If I remove And if I
play simplest trip operation it is going to remove your fight on both the sides So same way
you can remove your butler word even at left side Also by doing else trip So strip l strip
our strip like fine No,
let's say I have a string called Bite on something in this way.
Okay,
now I want to remove dar slash I Currently I can do it ex dot Strip So that result I want
to start index itself.
Suppose X equals two x adored strip.
I want to remove door slash I if anything,
is there either starting side or in inside.
On that result again,
I stored into my ex See that.
And let's say how in this way String bite on.
Okay.
No,
Something called way,
Way.
So I want to remove letter p on.
Why in sequence I mean,
first I can do extort strip,
because off this,
you're going to remove P and again on the same operation.
I can do one more door operation that his wife see that.
So I mean,
my people times you can apply dot strip operation or combination off strip.
I'm our strip are even else trip also you cannot play likewise.
You can do any number of times dot strip dot strip give business requirement.
We just try to remember the functionality off the dot strip operation on your given string
.
Ok,
While writing or real time scripts there we will see how to use a securities.
A stripper pressure?
No,
Let me go with the the next operation that is split.
So if I know simply extorts plates,
seed output,
Vanover spaces There.
Right there it is putting your given string.
So to places you have a space that for a given string is getting into three parts Foster
parts Second part,
third part right?
Actually,
this format is call a list.
We have a data structure called Liston.
There will discuss in depth of it list operations as off.
No,
just up the exit door split Will do the A list off.
Put on how it is going to spit based on space by default.
But I want to split a given string.
Where a word called.
Is there no Caesar?
Put wherever easy is there.
There it is.
Going to split now.
As off.
No,
you have only one easy.
That's why it disease.
One part.
And this is one party or getting two parts.
Foster part second part.
Let's say your taxes in this way on three days.
Ready?
Popular?
No,
in this.
In this case,
if I spit with ease you how is here under here.
So to places you how you will get three parts Foster,
part second part third part.
You're going to get a list which consist off three values.
Sit output,
first value,
second value,
and then Third Valley.
Right.
So these are the very,
very important operations in your real time.
Strip and split.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.